hey guys this is MTP flyers and I want
to start a new segment called what's
bothering me in my car or what's
bothering you in my car no not what's
bothering you in here I know many people
would like to complain about my driving
but whatever what's bothering me today
while I'm in my car well something's
been bothering me for a while and I
don't quite understand it but I don't
know if there's going to be a whole lot
that can be done about it but there are
some good changes made to youtube and
there are some stupid ones one of the
dumbest ones in my opinion is even as a
content creator but also as someone who
consumes the content watches the videos
nothing bothers me more or affects my my
obsessive compulsive my OCD as when you
watch a video on yours in your sub box
on your main page and it doesn't go away
it doesn't delete that drives me
absolutely batty I hate it for the
simple fact that a you know if you're
subscribed to a lot of people you know
you could miss my video which sucks I
don't want you to miss my stuff may not
see this so YouTube please fix that you
know I like a lot of the stuff that you
changed you know there's other things
that I don't like but that's one of the
ones that bothers me the most that I
think needs to be changed everything
else is just like you know whatever
there's a reason why they probably did
it but I don't understand the reason why
they did what they did with leaving all
the videos up there I just think that
that's absolutely batty so I know this
is a topic that people complain about a
lot about that I see a lot of complaints
about but I'm going to open it up anyway
what's bothering you on YouTube what
what bothers you is it something
yeah YouTube's related or something
that's being done on youtube I can think
of a few that involves commenters and
whatnot but you know what's bothering
you on YouTube let's do that for the
fruit for the time being so let me know
down below and I will answer as many as
I can so keep it clean too so thanks
guys I will talk to you later see